# Nissan-Text-Mining-POC-with-Transformer
This project is an application of Transformer on social media text mining.

##Question
The question behind this project is that: what do people love about Nissan. To answer this question, we analyzed what people are posting online through NLP. In contrast to the traditional quant data analysis through surveys, we what to look at organic reviews, not generated by pushing the respondents through a survey.

## Executive Summary
**Background**
Text Mining and Data Analytics with NLP Transformer Model.
Compare 3 different data sources: Strategic Vision (NVES), Car Review Websites, and Reddit.
Focus on small SUV segment.

**Key Points**
Transformer NLP provides an innovative way to assess imagery attributes.
Transformer unique advantages: open-source, higher efficiency & accuracy, versatile, faster, state-of-art.
Strategic Vision provides high-quality verbatim for NLP processing.
Rogue performed well in Strategic Vision, yet underperforming in Reddit and Car review sites.
Interactive Tableau Dashboard.

**Next Steps**
Data Collection: partnership with Social Media companies, Car review websites.
Data Cleansing: more advanced algorithm to provide higher-quality data.

## Project Overview
Attributes Scope: We focused on imagery attributes GFK identified.
Model Scope: Small SUV segments (10 models).
Time Frame: Although we cannot limit Reddit and Car Review Websites strictly within 3 years, most of the comments are aligned in terms of time frame.





